well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so the Secretary of Homeland
Security tweeted to Congress because we
ruled by tweet now asking for authority
to deport unaccompanied minors that
cross the border so we're moving from
baby prisons to baby deportations so
what's happening this isn't new though
we've had a five-month-old in
proceedings recently lawyers are now
making sure they have crayons in their
briefcases when they go to meet their
client so the child can draw a picture
of whatever horrible thing happened to
them that made them flee because they're
too young to write a statement this is
where we're at and she's saying that the
trek has become more dangerous yeah it
has because of this administration's
policies attempting to corral them into
the most dangerous portions of the
border to deter them from coming you
cannot deter the drive for freedom or
safety doesn't work that way yes it's
more dangerous it's becoming a real wife
Hunger Games and those kids that make it
although they're fighters they be great
Americans if you gave them a chance
we're gonna deport how but we're gonna
reunite them with are you sure that
their family isn't the reason they're
fleeing do you care and drive them down
there put them on a plane why not why
even go to that trouble though outcome
will be the same DHS ordered a couple
million rounds of ammo right there's
holes in the desert there's no moral
difference between sending them back to
die or doing it yourself just a PR one
and that's what it is we want to
maintain the idea that we are still the
land of the free and the home of the
brave and then you look at the replies
to that tweet Americans saying well this
isn't our problem these children aren't
our problem
your ignorance of American foreign
policy and the impacts it has in these
foreign countries and what it does on
the ground doesn't mean that it's not
really our problem it just means you're
too ignorant to know it a lot of these
cases are direct results of our foreign
policy wash our hands of it right is
we're a pro-life country so you've got
those and then you have people asking
for the military the National Guard and
the militarization of the border
Americans asking for a militarized
border to protect them from children
land of the free home brave sea my
question to these requests would be if
the Department of Homeland Security
cannot secure the homeland without
calling on the greatest military machine
the world has ever known
well good is it why do we even need that
agency seems like it's completely
ineffective to me if you can't deal with
kids how you gonna deal with real
threats because there is no threat we
all know that it doesn't matter what
propaganda you push we know there's no
threat the military has said there's no
threat there's no threat it's just fear
and it's that fear of the Browning of
America that's what it boils down to
it's the fear of white people who are
afraid to lose their place in this
country and it's a self-fulfilling
prophecy you know the statistics that
they're all pointing at now I don't even
know if they're true because I don't
really look up these stats anymore
because they're never true
is that white women are more frequently
marrying outside of their race than they
used to be
then we're gonna become a minority in
our own country I can actually believe
that I can believe that white women are
marrying outside of their race more
frequently because all of these comments
all these replies asking for the
military to go face-off against children
they came from white people generally
speaking cowardice is not an attractive
quality in a man doesn't really blow the
skirts out and that's what this is
you need the US military to protect you
from Toddlers land of the free home of
brave right one of the most interesting
chats I've ever had was I had the
privilege of speaking to a head to Mimi
she's a Palestinian she was a kid at the
time young woman today and she was the
subject of a very poignant photo that
came out of that conflict there she is
she's a child standing there with this
look of utter defiance on her face and
there's an IDF trooper pointing an m203
at her chest that's a grenade launcher
on the bottom of an m16 that was the
photo and regardless of your opinion of
that conflict that became an icon of it
I have to wonder how long we have until
there's a photo of an American
servicemen pointing an automatic rifle
and a child on our own border because
our citizens have become terrified of
brown children
Lanta the free home of the brave
there is one upside to this though I
guess if they deport them they're less
likely to be sexually abused in custody
their problem hasn't been solved has it
America needs to take a long hard look
at itself we cannot continue to say that
we are the land of the free and the home
of the brave and call for the US
military to protect us from Toddlers
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night